[News] 2020-09-24 (#502)
sider/sider-docs: docs/news/2020.md

---

## Update environments and tools on September 18, 2020

> <time class="news-date" datetime="2020-09-18">September 18, 2020</time>

Reviewer: [suggestion] We cannot release today, so please update the date to an actual one. 🙏

> We have updated the following environments and tools. Please each tool's document for details.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps, `read` is missing.

```suggestion
We have updated the following environments and tools. Please read each tool's documentation for details.
```

Author: Fixed. commit 2f8ed26d650ca6ecfc03abdde73dafa4c6fb44bd

Highlight:

- The environment variable `EXTRA_CERTIFICATE` is newly supported. When this variable is specified, the runner imports the certificate on the system. This feature allows you to connect GitHub Enterprise Server running with a self-signed certificate.

> - The [`parallel`](../tools/cplusplus/cppcheck.md#parallel) option of Cppcheck is newly supported. This option allows you to run multiple jobs in parallel by using the `-j` option of the `cppcheck` command.

Author: > __[remark-lint]__ Link to unknown heading in `../tools/cplusplus/cppcheck.md`: `parallel` ([view](https://sider.review/gh/repos/142577083/pulls/502#issue-4624718))
>
> <details>
>
> | Rule | Severity |
> | ---- | -------- |
> | `missing-heading-in-file` | `warn` |
>
> You can [close this issue](https://sider.review/gh/repos/142577083/pulls/502#issue-4624718) if no need to fix it. [Learn more](https://help.sider.review/getting-started/working-with-issues).
>
> </details>

The note for cppcheck.md#parallel is being written in a different PR, and the PR is not merged yet.
